---
layout: default
head.title: Raylus
description: James Ray's blog, powered by Nuxt.Studio
title: '🤖'
---

::hero
---
image: '/james-ray.png'
---
#title
Hi, I'm James Ray!
#description
- I'm a software engineer and technical lead for [NASA SMD](https://beta.science.nasa.gov/)'s brand new web architecture!
- My current expertise is in Vue, Svelte, Typescript, Nuxt, Headless WordPress, Wagtail, Django and GraphQL.
::

----

💙 **Loving** my role at the [Jet Propulsion Lab](https://www.jpl.nasa.gov/) in Pasadena, CA, where I have contributed to the development of a cohesive ecosystem of NASA products. I've had the opportunity to work on implementing and refining various internal platforms, including jpl.nasa.gov (Wagtail-Django/Nuxt2) and the newly redesigned beta.science.nasa.gov (WordPress/Nuxt3). Our team's collective efforts were honored with the 2022 NASA Agency Honor Awards. It's been a fulfilling journey to help build platforms that meet strict branding and accessibility standards.

🛰 **Committed** to technological advancement through continuous learning and community engagement. It's essential to keep up with emerging technologies and take part in conferences and community discussions. Striking a balance between design and engineering in web development is something I hold in high regard.

::gallery
---
images:
  - /jpl-nasa-gov.png
  - /science-nasa-gov.png
---
::

##### Here's a brief overview of some key contributions and achievements:

- Collaborating with an incredible team, we enhanced the Lab's flagship websites, leading the Enterprise CMS development and Enterprise platform concepts and prototypes that turn into fully-fledged production systems.
- Together, we refined the agile workflow and other processes within the team, emphasizing collaboration, equality and shared leadership.
- We established consistency across products through integrating a unified design system and build tooling that is platform agnostic.
- I had the chance to contribute to complex system architecture discussions, always aiming for a focused and feasible approach to feature development and legacy support.
- Our work continues to evolve, reflecting a commitment to both functionality and technological innovation. The journey at the Jet Propulsion Lab and NASA has been about collaboration, learning, and driving forward in a field that never ceases to inspire.
